and here I have sent and it is already vélez
without cameras that as we will see here more or
less
Now what I have is a screw what
what I'm going to do is pass it with a mica
with the one we took a screwdriver
it can be anyone is love but a
little bit younger
let's take out the screw
and I'm messing with the screwdriver like that
as you can see the bikes
if you see here I 'm not already sealed
the band is still two mules
what I'm going to do here is with some
Cutting tongs I'm going to start cutting
the rap not so flush and not so behind
because here I might say a good
horse can be made that way but
also here to have a pair of tweezers at hand
in gauze shipowner of small boy and a
league in the special
this can enter the stock market
they occupy cameras as much as if a rubber and
occupy the lack of love the league and a pair of tweezers
to cut leagues
and current droughts that is not on air
perfectly fine
to be here is to blow it
buy if they have pumps
with a buyer or at gas stations
and recalculating the vivas
this is so that it is always sealed
in moments of degree
my new invention made fast
and it sounds very good indeed
if this works, I recommend it